the Gower Peninsula famous for its
world-class surfing and its sandy
beaches but for how long never been
hotter in Britain temperatures for the
last week are already around 10 degrees
above average and gallaher is a surf
instructor she's also a geography
graduate and an award-winning filmmaker
as a surfer spending most of my time on
the beaches of Gower they've been too
noticeable changes
extreme sand erosion and more water
temperatures
and intends to monitor the effect of
climate change on the area where she
serves this gala Beach has been pounded
by unusually powerful winter storms
leaving very little sand in Vista
precure or is the Society of things to
come
over the next 12 months we'll be
watching how the world's changing
climate effects like here on Gower
you